hello everyone with you masha to cetera and
Now we play a game and explore
Ponyville based on my cartoon
little pony as always say
subscribe to the put put likes channel
comment on the video and let's get started so
here we see a canterlot spark
flies to Ponyville
I remember how she was this very
pretty it was an amazing week in
canterlot but I they then returns to
work and she looks forward to seeing you soon
my old friends in Ponville
let's start
thanks sir says sparkle and here is all
her friends are flatshay
apple jack which is a river rainbow dash and
kicks pie
and let's start with the flatschai
we see dong crush and see that he
here here is my angel
he will do push the bird which
yoga
now we give photos and drink some juice
apple
spoon ratio loves animals
let her drink again
especially not really guessed it you
I went away and the crystal to drink
machine morocco and there does not live a front sight
little white
and gets out and gets
So
try to go there with us
garden flatshay and here we can
look after the rabbits
but
this is us wood there is nothing interesting on
although there probably live birds here us
rabbits run
colic colic
and oh there some monster overshadow and there
the horrors here are monsters
and colic so carefree do not run
paying attention to anything so
what have we got there kicks pie she's gone
hen costume she says i'm a cat
This is because of a listen
angelz now we can probably go
back and no we went to the river and here
a bunch of animals
it was strange because their fater
fed the ladybird ladybird
this is strange
what a villain was terrified track so
okay, we press colic
hi little rabbit speaks too
hungry and gives him a carrot rabbit
happy to eat carrots now with us
skunk hi little chip with says
it gives him a strawberry let's eat
baby so
now we will go that way and on
mini bird to get there and we do not get there
on this bridge
by you
flexible and lattice and not get through
one and wildly batik click hi small
composites are halogen and it gives u not
apples apples we understand everything
because apples catching them we have the most
good ones
so this is what we have
seems to be here and nowhere else and not you
of books
but no, you can go ahead
height it's pinkie share pinkie with us
what are you doing on some crocodile
it's a little durynda chock and this is not
very few people like that but they sleep and
flatscher doesn't want to bother with it
us a flamingo which is also apparently she is so
sleeping and this little squirrel in the garden
flatshay
but then we can not go anywhere
well, we have a whole zoo here
should love animals and take care of
them now let's go back
So
in my opinion here is no longer a bunny
there were already there us still sitting
kicks there some monsters are hiding
can go too everyone saw
Well, probably on this acquaintance with
flatsher we have completed research
and the house we will return now back to
house here we have long been nothing like this and
exactly everyone looked at the flatshay house and
on this we will have everything so this
series on acquaintance with flatshay
from the following series we will meet
other pony rarity rainbow dash even
rainbow dash applejack and of course kicks share
and think how many funny too, there will be well
now we oh not there we go back to the house and
let's go back to the street here it was
flatshay house
the next series we look at apple
jagger
now subscribe to the channel put
likes comment video to new
meeting